Ex00:
We saw that for (positive, positive) number, the class was 0 and for (negative, negative) numbers the class was 1.
We already knew the class of the other combinations from the labelled dataset.
It means that the features x1 and x2 are strongly correlated in the labelled dataset.
For removing this correlation, we removed the x2 component and kept only x1 which is the decisive feature.
We trained a simple pytorch logistic regression model. The solution produced by the model was to separate around x1 = 0.0
We applied the model on the val dataset then.

Ex01:
Used a CNN model for prediction.
We saw that for numbers "01" the label was "0" and for "10" the label was "1" in validation set according to API requests.
It seems like labels are the first number from the left.
We pre-processed our data to keep only the left part of each picture, trained and predicted the labels on those partial images.

Ex02:
Used same CNN model for prediction as ex01.
Same as ex01, number seems to be the one of the left according to API requests.
Here, labels and numbers are either 0 or 2.
Some new generated data were added to train set (either data shifted to bottom or up).

Ex03:
Used same CNN model for prediction as before.
Here, there's reference image (either same 0 or 3) on a random side of image.
We cut each image of each datasets to keep only the non-reference picture (using euclidean distance).
As ex02, we also shift a little some of our image on vertical axis to obtain a bigger training dataset.

Ex04:
Used same CNN model for prediction as before.
Here, there's an empty grayscale space next to a number with different grayscale background for 0 (shade of gray) and 4 (black).
In val set, the background color is randomly assigned to both 0 and 4.
We calculate variance for both right/left parts of pictures to keep only the part with the number.
Our intent was to change to black every pixel value under a certain value of bright grey or use edge detection to eliminate the bias made by background color.
But, by some weird dark magic, the cut made it for us (no, we didn't cut on the color channel).
We also get a bigger training dataset by shifting to right/left/bottom/up some pictures.

Ex05:
Same logic as ex04
Used same CNN model for prediction as before.
Here, there's an empty grayscale space next to a number with different grayscale background for 0 (shade of gray) and 5 (black).
In val set, the background color is randomly assigned to both 0 and 5.
We calculate variance for both right/left parts of pictures to keep only the part with the number.
Our intent was to change to black every pixel value under a certain value of bright grey or use edge detection to eliminate the bias made by background color.
But, by some weird dark magic, the cut made it for us (no, we didn't cut on the color channel).
We also get a bigger training dataset by shifting to right/left/bottom/up some pictures of training set.

Ex12:
Used same CNN for prediction as before.
Here, we didn't cut the pictures as it was either set of two "1" or two "2".
We also get a bigger training dataset by shifting to right/left/bottom/up some pictures of training set.


Ex23:
Faced with embeddings, we tried to vizualize the data using TSNE by reducing the dimension to 2. 
On the training dataset we identified 2 cluster in dimension 2 which was indicating that doing K means clustering (on the embeddings) may be a good idea. 
However, on the val dataset, there were 4 cluster, 2 of them not being inside the 2 training clusters. 
So we made some requests to identify to which classes these clusters were associated and we submitted. 


Ex456:
We did the same thing as in 23 :
"Faced with embeddings, we tried to vizualize the data using TSNE by reducing the dimension to 2. 
On the training dataset we identified 2 cluster in dimension 2 which was indicating that doing K means clustering (on the embeddings) may be a good idea. 
However, on the val dataset, there were 4 cluster, 2 of them not being inside the 2 training clusters. 
So we made some requests to identify to which classes these clusters were associated and we submitted."
But this time, there were 3 training clusters, and 6 additional validation cluster in the embeddings clustering. 
We made 5 requests to identify 5 of the 6 clusters. We guessed the last one based on our guess on the cluster repartition (2/2/2 rather than 3/2/1) and the fact that the last unknown cluster was between two same-class known cluster.